I'm so glad you're here to learn about cloud development.
The world needs people like you who are willing to give
up their valuable time and learn a new skill.
Aspiring to be a cloud developer is certainly no small goal,
but it will definitely be worth all the work.
I really want you to succeed and there are few things you
should already know how to do before you start this course.
If you don't have these things mastered,
you might struggle in my course and I would rather you set
yourself up for success as much as possible.
I'll just run through the list quickly so you're aware.
If you need to pause here and take some time to learn or re-learn something,
no worries at all, I'll be right here when you get back.
Here's what you need to stay afloat in this course.
Experience with front end development
using HTML and JavaScript, it's going to help a lot.
Experience using version control using Git.
Experience with back-end development of an application in AWS.
Knowing how to use the Linux command line.
The ability to create a key-pair from EC2.
The ability to create an AWS IAM user with programmatic access.
Being able to use PostgreSQL database in either AWS, RDS or locally.